Hey deer
deer deer
You know the deer is Buddha Jumps Over the Wall
Why didn't I see you calling his name when eating Aolong?
When did he become yours?
He is obviously from our Sun He Martial Arts Hall
If you really think he's that important
Why did you leave him on the cold street?
Begging and Fear
Just because he lost a game
Existence loses but only wants to corrupt
From the moment you abandoned him
He will no longer take the initiative to break through
Irrelevant now
He belongs to me, Chu Yunxi
Let me be fair
This girl is looking for this kid
Frozen for hours in the ice and snow
Tired and falling into the river
Fortunately, Lao Gu passed by there
Otherwise the animal freezes into popsicles
I was going to try my best to find you just now
Luckily you're all here
Otherwise I don't know what to do yet
Even so
He no longer belongs to this moment
irrelevant
Ding Xuanyi saves a life and defeats the seventh-level auxiliary
Can you please help me in the face of the Chu family?
Yes!
Oh, Mr. Wang
Please save him